AST-3686 - Improvement - Added default meta key value for astra-migrate-meta-layouts (#5559)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- New: Compatibility to Import Export header-footer builder customizer layouts with the "Astra Import Export" plugin.
- Improvement: Improved accessibility by adding aria-label and title attributes to the shopping cart link.
- Improvement: Secondary Button Styles - Padding default values updated for Page Builder button's support.

> - Improvement - Improved Gutenberg editor's post update request by adding default value to 'astra-migrate-meta-layouts' meta key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix - Preventing duplication of multiple keys in the Block Editor's post-update request by setting values for the 'astra-migrate-meta-layouts' meta key.
```
